a couple of years ago I was talking to
my mom on the phone and I heard these
horrible noises you hear that grunting
coming up the step which turned out to
be Eric but I was talking to Laurie on
the phone and I didn't know if he had
been burnt or just what had happened
because his face was covered with blood
and he had fallen off the ladder we
didn't know what had happened to all the
time I couldn't quite reach both I was
working on so I was kind of instead of
crawling down the ladder and movement
like I should have I kicked was kicking
it sideways and the next thing I knew I
was coming down fast
his injuries were everywhere he had
fallen on his head so he had broken his
eye socket both under and crushed it
above and he had dislocated his shoulder
and broke his collarbone and he broke
some ribs broke his rump thumb
dislocated his hip and he had massive
head injuries he couldn't walk to talk
anything he was completely he wasn't in
a coma but he was absolutely lifeless he
just laid there I had no idea how bad he
was but they said I heard them talking
at the hospital that they were going to
get stars to take him to Calgary the
nurses had told my sister and I we
should make funeral arrangements it was
that bad and they led us to believe that
you know if he lived it probably
wouldn't be that productive of a life
you know they didn't lead us to have
much hope for his recovery at all it was
much worse than than I had thought well
when we initially took him home from the
hospital we had been led to believe that
if he could walk and get himself around
the house maybe feed himself dress
himself that would probably be the best
that we could hope for we were not given
much hope at all in the recovery
the therapist that I was taking him to
at six months said this is as good as
he's going to get once he came home it
was very difficult for mom because he
was although he had by then started so
that she could help him and get him
where he needed to go and he could
support himself somewhat it it was like
having an enormous child because he had
no memory he didn't he didn't know that
he should eat or should go to the
bathroom or anything it was you know
like seriously like taking care of a
huge infant he was very childlike which
we were prepared for that but well
you're never prepared for to see an
active person suddenly go downhill but
he couldn't do much for himself and I
was afraid to leave him alone and also
his days and nights were mixed up so I
never knew if he was going to go outside
during the night or I I just didn't know
what he might do so it was quite a
stressful time for the whole family
actually I kept thinking I should be
thankful but he's alive but he wasn't
the dad I had ever known so as much as I
was glad he was still there I didn't it
wasn't like having my dad you know he
some days like most days he didn't even
know who I was I I see now that his
overall health and his mind has improved
but I think the empower Plus has had a
great deal to do with that
he's been on it well not quite a year
and I wish we had got it you know a lot
sooner well my dad started taking
empower Plus at about the same time that
I started getting it to my children I
had heard of it and especially with
behavioral problems and I have two boys
that had difficulty sitting through
school paying attention it was just
always a struggle for them my older two
were fine but the little two always
struggled and once I put them on that it
made an enormous difference where their
teachers were calling me with happy
phone calls which
had a happy phone call prior lots of
phone calls just not happy but since he
started on the empower plus he has just
improved tremendously and he used to
feel very frustrated because he couldn't
find the words he wanted to tell you
things he couldn't read she could even
be interested in a movie because he
couldn't follow the storyline it was
just going too fast for him to soak it
all in now I've started reading more
which I didn't do for a long time and it
seemed to be coming very easy now and
watching TV and stuff like that now old
more of an interest than did before and
his his memory his his even his
vocabulary is so much better now like he
still struggles to find the words he's
looking for sometimes but it's just a
hundred percent improvement I certainly
feel a lot better and everything and uh
I think life with him is much like it
always was but now he does what I tell
him more than he has to do and oh he was
always saying I'm just so stupid I'm
just so stupid and we spent most of our
time reassuring them him that he was not
stupid and since he's been on the
empower Plus we realized one day that he
doesn't say that at all it's really
helped his perception of himself as well
he doesn't feel stupid anymore sure I
feel smarter anyway